---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 3 of 1st Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Jadeja and Rahul's class
Rahul started where he left off. He added just 32 runs but stringed nearly 100+ runs in partnerships with Pant and Jadeja. While Pant's approach did seem questionable, he did decrease the lead in short span and gave Rahul and Jadeja some time to settle in. Jadeja was superb. Played with caution till Rahul was present and then teed of the bowlers. If only he had believed more in our bowlers. 

### Lower Order MasterClass
Yesterday was all about India's lower order. Can they string enough runs which will inturn decide the course of the match and also the series. Rahane said that the lower order is ready to contribute 20-30 runs everymatch and they did more than that today. Shami tonked a bit. scored some runs and gave Bumrah time to settle in. Then came the masterclass. The drive, The flick and The pull. Bumrah showed it all with a great defence and good leaving technique. Siraj hung in there and added some more valuable runs. If this fight can be counted from Indian lower-order we are in for a great series. 

### Anderson and Robinson
Having a son in your name means you have a great chance of taking wickets. England did went with 3.5 bowlers and paid the price by conceding too many lower order runs. Anderson and Robinson got tired after bowling extended spells. Broad was completely out of touch and Curran didn't have enough overs under his belt to cause some trouble. They both were going at excess of 3.5 RPO and Indian batters did well to cash in on their bowling. 

### England's batting
The ball did stop doing much during the later stages of Indian innings and was evident in the 3rd innings as well. They looked comfortable at the crease and Indian bowlers were not so accurate as the 1st innings. Weather forecast is dodgy but if we can scratch out aound 100 overs then we are in for a great contest. Considering India's poor 4th innings record 120-130 might prove good enough. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/lOB84rmkmnY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>