---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 1 of 4th Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### All hail the LORD
When everyone made the batting look so difficult, comes the saviour. Smashing ball over the park, making the fastest fifty in England. He is the Lord, one and only Lord. He first pulls a ball to the boundary of Woakes who was bowling so economically. Then he straight bats another ball to the boundary. You could see a bit of technique and surity in those shots. Those weren't edges and half connected shots. They may not be as stylish as Virat's Cover Drive but Those shots were pull of power. This is not what happened in Lord's, Here England didn't lose their head. Shardul batted exceptionally well and was aided with a bit of luck. He sliced a ball for six over long-off, how good is that. He pulled a ball to six in front of mid-on. He made the a fifty and added 63 runs to the eigth wicket and the best partnership of the match. He pushed England slightly on the backfoot. It was an innings to remember. 

### All other than LORD
Keeping Shardul aside, only Virat managed some runs. Rohit and Rahul were good initially but the introduction of Woakes turned the match upside-down. Rohit got a Jaffa, managed to get better of him by the extra bounce. Rahul's trouble with the inswinger are starting to resurface. Pujara unline 2nd innings in Leeds did not get many balls on the pad and was not able to score runs. He follower the ball and fell for it. Jadeja's promotion(not a surprise for me) was tactical but did not provide intended results. Rahane seems to have lost all his touch and looks too fidgety to start with. Pant has a devil on his shoulders and is unable to decide what to do. He needs serious introscpection on what to do and how to do. Then there was the usual tail collapse with Yadav getting valuable 10 and staying with Thakur. Between all this was Kohli. He was in great touch today although with a bit of luck. His cover drives were back at it's best. He looked assured and was also given a life by the slip cordon. Was looking to convert this into a big one but a lapse in concentration maybe and a good delivery combined got him. This is good sign of Kohli returning to form.

### Bumrah and Yadav's Peach
Bumrah got rid of the openers in one over. That's it. To be fair the balls weren't that great either. Burns just isn't able to get going against Bumrah. He got out 3 times in his bowling without scoring a run. Hameed could have just left the ball but the eager to get off strike got him. Malan and Root the attack to India, scoring boundaries and stealing runs. They were going at 4 RPO at one point. Things slowed down a bit and then came the peach from Yadav. The best ball of the day to get rid of the best batsman in the series. With that wicket India still seems to be in the game. But all England need is a good partnership. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/AWLxuxpuAY8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>