---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 1 of 2st Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---
### Indian Middle Order, Again
The middle has thrown it away. To be fair Rahane has thrown it away. Was he on a century to put bat on the ball the first delivery he faced like KL Rahul. No, He wasn't. All he needed to do was see out the opening spell of Anderson and Robinson and then score of the other bowlers like Sharma and Rahul did. Alas he pushed at the ball so lamely, it felt he was sleeping while batting. Pant and Jadeja resurrected and made a good partnership. Pant did what he does best. Scored runs freely and allowed Jadeja to settle. Jadeja did farm the strike with tail-enders but could not carry on well enough as the first test. Tail didn't wag or could not wag. Ishant and Bumrah recived good deliveries and Shami fell trying to play stylishly instead of slogging. India lost the advantage the openers provided solely through middle order troubles.

### Anderson, Again
My title's are too repetitive cause they are the ones causing the most troubles. Anderson was brilliant again. Got rahane and cleaned up the tail. Simple as that. Everyone else just did enough to pull things back.

### Siraj and Flurry of boundaries
Everything before tea was just warming up. Siraj did well to clean up Sibley and Hameed in successive deliveries. But Root again started counter attacking. After bowling tight lines, Siraj gave away 3 4's, Ishant 2 and Bumrah 1. Suddenly England caught up. They were crusing to the day's end with great control till Shami produced another good delivery to trap Burns infront. Siraj is either on this end of extreme or that. He clearly is the one who attacks no matter what. All he need to do is control his freebies and also his DRS instincts.
### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5rlDfK9l-8Y" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>