---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 4 of 1st Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Root and the Runs
Runs flowed, not just from Root's bat but from almost everyone. Siraj did well Burns out for the delivery I always wanted him to bowl. Bumrah trapped Crawley and it was fairly simple. Then came the vigil. Sibley blunting it out from one end and Root crunching through the other. In a partnership of around 75 sibley just scored 18-20 runs which asserts the dominance at which Root played. He was gifted many boundary deliveries and was not missing out on them. Sibley did get out to a loose shot but he hung around enough for his captain to score. Bairstow came and crunched some and pulled to straight to Jadeja. Then come's the time our **Lord Shardul**. He gives away 10 runs and then corrects his line. Bang there's the wicket. Then Buttler chose probably the worst delivey to leave and gets back. Sam Curran start's to smash and adds those handy runs down the order which he always does. Root perishes and India quickly wrap up the tail.

### Bumrah, Bumrah and Bumrah
Shami's line and length fell apart after the first spell. Siraj was gifting boundary deliveries at a consistent pace. Jadeja was just bowling. Shardul to my opinion was severly underbowled. With all this going around him Bumrah still produced the match-winning spell again. Got rid of Crawley early. When the partnership started growing he took out Sibley just after lunch, then came back at the fag end to create the fag end. Took the new ball and dismantled the English lineup that was left. Got Root to a beautiful delivery. Cramped Curran for room and forced him into an awkward shot. Gave no chance to Broad. I didn't want shami to take the last wicket but he did. Bumrah deserved that 5 wicket haul and just missed out on a 10 wicket haul. He was well and truly the best bowler of the match(unless the always collapsing Indian batting collapses).

### Chase or Collapse
After all those failed 4th innings chases, I just can't have confidence in this Indian team to chase down any kind of total. But we had a miracle at Gabba. A vigil at Sydney. I feel the situation is quite different. It seems the best day for batting unless ofcourse clouds interfere. Alas Rahul starts with a flurry of boundaries. Rohit is calm and just keeps blocking and nudging. Then comes the wicket. Rahul done his part. We got off to a decent start. Still the demons of Rohit gifting his wicket before end of play surface. It will be the constant demon chasing me until India chases the total. Rohit pulls but he keeps it down. Pulls again and keeps it down. *phew*. Survived. Pujara had gifts thrown at him to push his strikerate close to 100 and caps off another good day for India. To Chase this the **Chase Master** must come to the party. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/TEzul8_JgaI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>