---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 4 of 3rd Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Return of the collapse

After a well crafter, battled-out 3rd day you can expect what India would do on 4th day, A COLLAPSE. It was waiting to happen. Pujara had a brain-fade moment, What was he thinking. He could have just defended it. It is not advisable to pad a swinging bowler when he bowls full. That was dead straight. He lost a golden opportunity to solidify his name. Kohli looked tentative today. He got two boundaries but the other balls were beating his bat. He was gaining on confidence with those 2 4's but he chased again. We know he is the GOAT chaser but we dont want him to go own as the goat OUTSIDE-OFF Chaser. All 5 of his dismissals had similar shades in them. He should know what's happening better than us. Rahane looks completely clueless. He is not driving but lame poking at those deliveries. Pant is in 2 minds for every ball. He doesn't look as assured as He looked in Australia. He's trying to unsettle a bowler but he's following an inconsistent approach against a bowler who was on fire and other on 600+ wickets. Jadeja looked great until he got a good ball. He is too unlucky to have been left with tail. People say those runs are inconsequent and ask for his head. Why he looks so good and a new batsman will not be as good as him with the tail we have. He should be promoted to 6 and Pant should be pushed back to 7. It's better if we not discuss about our tail. Robinson was so good with the ball. First Pujara gifted him a wicket and Kohli chased another. Then on he was on fire. He just blew away the lower middle order and Overton finished the tail. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/FjzhkVAo7bU" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>