---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 3 of 4th Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Overseas ton atlast
More than the result of the series I was waiting for Rohit's ton. He almost got it in the 2nd test, Looked good in the 3rd. There's always a sense of doubt that Rohit will do something stupid before he reached the mark, But not today. He was clinical in wiping out 80-100 in very less time with three 4's and a 6. He just took the best route to get there. Asserting his dominance over the spinner, stamping his authority on this tour. The more welcome point was that he looked even better after the 100. The way he ran the ball down to 3rd man in Woakes bowling was just pure touch. But alas there comes a delivery for which Rohit throwed his wicket away, not before he gave the perfect base for Indian dominance with great partnerships with KL and Pujara. 

### KL, Pujara's agressive side roles
KL scored more when Rohit was struggling at one end. He himself struggling got himself a good 46 before he got a good delivery from Anderson. Woakes troubled him the most on both the off stump line and incoming line. Pujara was different. He was more agressive than the first. He was looking punish any ball which was slightly loose. He also took pressure of Rohit initially till he got to 50. This Pujara almost fell over the wickets trying to whack Moeen Ali over mid-on. He was not even a bit tentative. He slowed down and the new ball's bounce got to him. Kohli looked in great touch with those flowing drives. Jadeja got one to smack over mid-on from Ali. Both looked quite settled. Will be great if they can stay put for the first 30min and then go all guns blazing. 

### The missing piece
There was something missing in the English bowling lineup. Maybe the Express pace of Wood or Make something happen out of nowhere Stokes. They were perfect with their lines the first session. Rohit should have been caught very early. But they were becoming tired. As the pitch flattened out Indian's milked the bowling. Ali was in terrible touch and gave away more than 4 RPO. Their hope relies on the second new ball and the initial hour of bowling from Anderson-Robinson-Woakes. If Kohli can get through that hour it will become too much to handle for England. 