---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 4 of 2nd Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Not Finished ?
All I wanted from Pujara and Rahane was consistency. We know that they can play great knocks, but we need them to play consistently. We aren't asking this from a batsman who played 20 tests but from veterans who already have 75 tests under their belt. Today they showed what they are capable of but when will they show it again? Will they continue this method of high and lows of be consistently good is always the question in my mind. They played extremely well. Though they might not have put India on top but they did not allow England to run away with the match. 

### Rohit and Kohli's Insticts
Rohit's ~~Pull~~ Hook is what calls for his demise. He pulled a ball for six. He couldn't hook a ball for six. He needs to be better at judging the difference between the two. Pull shot reaped him rewards. If somehow he contained his Instincts he can play even more consistently than now.
Getting to Kohli it's different. He is chasing balls on 7th stump. 3 Innings into the series and 3 same dismissals. Hard poke in the line of 5th stump. It's getting worser every innings. He fell before close of play on the first day. Before lunch on second. He needs to control this shot. We need him to get out there and do a Sachin's sydney. Do not cover drive and make the statement.

### Wood and Ali
Wood was brilliant. While Anderson kept tight lines, he attacked, bowled series of short balls to Rohit. Bowled a snorter to Pujara. Ali on the other hand kept things really quiet. But when he found the rough on the pitch he used it brilliantly and trapped Rahane. Jadeja got a beautiful delivery too. Wood will again be the key in cleaning the tail tomorrow.

### What to expect
Pant to do what he does. 5th day massacres. If he can do it, then India might be in a good position. The pitch is providing inconsistent bounce and Bumrah, Shami can use it to perfection. Another cracking day awaits folks. 


### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cpI8KAuRxdc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>