---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 3 of 3rd Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Hope, Just a little tho

Some much transpired in the last one year for me to expect them to pull off something great. All they need is a disciplined 1st session and one of Pujara or Kohli to carry on. Maybe I'm sounding too optimistic but you dont know what can happen. So alright with the Optimism and get into what happened today.

### India's Day, all day
India had what seems one of the great days in this test match after the abysmal show on Day1. But without considering that it's still a good day for the batsman. Shami, Bumrah cleaned up the tail pretty quickly. It was all on Rohit and Rahul to give something to start with. Rohit looked comfortable as ever. Rahul struggled a bit but managed to held onto one end till lunch. He got a good delivery but Bairstow took an excellent catch to send him back. Pujara got gifts on his pads and he raced away into 20's without much trouble. Rohit sharma looked so solid it took almost an umpiring blunder to get him out. It was a great innings none the less. He is laying out the platform irrespective of the other batsmans score and tempo. Kohli looked the best of the series. Left the ball, scored some quick runs, Pounced on the short balls. But the day was all about Pujara. Though he got some easy balls on pads he still left the ball greatly. He cut the ball, Pulled some also drived a ball to the boundary. He looked as fluent as he can get. Spinners didn't trouble him a bit. He looked almost flawless in the 30 overs he batted. He holds the key for India's chances on Day4.

### Here are the Highlights

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/qCB4dSs3I04" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
