---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 5 of 4th Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Bumrah, Bumrah and Bumrah
Lord's witnessed Bumrah magic with Robinson's setup. Oval then witnesses one of the fiery fast bowling spell on a flat pitch. He just crushed England's hopes of saving the day with a brute of a spell. 6-3-6-2 suggests how good he was and thanks to Jadeja who also kept the pressure from the other side. To be fair everyone was expecting the incoming delivery and maybe Pope and Bairstow were also expecting. But they weren't expecting it to come at 140+ with swing and movement of the pitch which no other batters had. 22 overs for 27 runs. That's as ridiculous as it gets. Reversing the ball where England seamers couldn't find anything was pretty great in itself. 

### Thakur and the supporting act
LORD gave the magic ball everyone needed. He has atleast 1 magic ball per match. Burns got a great delivery and he couldn't do anything about it. Malan was scapegoat for the pressure building on Hameed. Hameed once again fell playing inside the line. Then came the Bumrah show. Jadeja got rid of Moeen(tbf Root should have taken the single). Then some resistance from Root and Woakes. Guess who breaks the partnership. LORD again. Gets root to chase a wide delivery. Umesh gets Woakes and then completes the formalities after tea. 

### What next?
Bumrah most probably will get rested. With uncertainity looming over Rohit and Pujara one of Mayank/Vihari will mostly play. Rahane may be given another chance. Siraj will also be rested. Ashwin may not get a chance as Manchester's forecast is rain for atleast 3 days. Overton will be replaced by Wood. Anderson/Robinson may be rested. It may be last chance for Bairstow and Ali to prove their worth. With forecast being terrible I see no other wat but a 2-1 win for India. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/-nOdSj0u29U" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>