---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 4 of 4th Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### 71st, waiting.....
The wait for Virat's 71st seems to never end. He was driving imperiously at the other end till Woakes was introduced. Within a space of two overs Woakes sent back Jadeja and Rahane which instilled some kind of tension in Virat's mind. He went into defensive mode and gave wicket away to Ali by playing for the turn. All seemed lost for India at that point. Lead was not substantial, Pant was in dire need of runs. Then comes the Saviour, The LORD. While he single handedly took India to a good total in the 1st innings, this time he had the help of Pant who uncharacteristically played a matured innings. Both took the attack to England after the first hour of tea and scored fifties. I still think that they failed to rule England completely out of the game. England needs to score at just 3.1 RPO so we are in for cracker of a day.

### Rahane, What's happening
He missed a straight one. There is nothing more to it. Every other Indian Batsman who got out scored more than 10. Shardul score more in this test than Rahane in the entire series. Maybe it's time for a break. He looks unsure. He looks unsettled. He seems concerned about his place and rightly so he should be. You can't have a batsman out of place in an underperforming middle order. Vihari should replace him for the next match. Rahane has a very difficult road ahead. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/WFbnOKOW__s" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>