---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 1 of 2st Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Rohit didn't throw it away
So Rohit Sharma makes a moderately big score after all those nervous 30's and 40's. What's better in this knock? He was single handedly scoring runs while KL was digging deeper. in a partnership of 126 He scored 83 and KL scored less than 30. He took on the 3rd, 4th, 5th bowlers. He did not give them any chance. Was putting it away in the gaps with almost no cover drives. He did pull. He pulled it for a six and Stamped his authority with the pull of Wood towards midwicket. This is not the Rohit Sharma who was almost a walking wicket in swinging conditions. He is a revamped opener. As he once tweeted "The Sun did shine Again".

### KL's owning the day
Given how good Rohit was striking the ball, KL did the best thing let him have most of the strike and dig deeper while he is at it. He was under 30 when Rohit got out but has faced over 100 deliveries. So when Pujara arrived he took the incentive and kept milking runs and did not allow pressure to get on with Pujara and Kohli. He then scored almost at 80. Drives, cuts he was glorious to watch. He is making strong case for the opener and has almost got his place fixed for the series. 

### Middle order, Again
Pujara had no pressure whatsoever. He had the best foundation possible. KL at other end was scoring boundaries. But Pujara fell for a lame poke. It isn't what you associate with Pujara. Given how compact he used to be that poke was a dreadful shot. He should remind himself that there are talented people waiting out there to grad his spot if he doesn't score. Kohli was good for most of the day and then got out to a delivery which he should have left given how many overs were left in the day. Rahane didn't look comforatble at all. We now have 2 Lord's centurions batting and Pant and Jadeja to come. Anything above 400 would be a near match winning total. 

### Anderson, Again
It's Anderson who was the key bowler yet again. He bowled tight. Openers didn't give any chance. But he bowled brute of delivery to get Rohit and was good enough to pull Pujara into a lame poke. Robinson was slightly erratic but kept one end quite and got rewarded with Kohli's wicket. Curran and Ali never troubled. Wood was good in short burst's early on but the Pull from Rohit deflated his confidence. England need to rethink if they want to use Curran as their 3rd bowler.