---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 1 of 3rd Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### ~~Bad~~ , *Worse* and **Disastrous**

Lowest point in almost an year from the Adelaide 36 allout. Absolutely terrible day. Like how England didn't turn up on Lord's Day 5 India couldn't even manage to compete today. Everything is to blame on the batters. For once this series Openers couldn't give the perfect start needed. But Rohit held onto one end. He was consumed on whether to give a stand at one end or score freely. Eventually he fell for what is an ugly shot. Pujara has shown no improvement over anything if anything he learned in 2nd innings of previous test. Virat is just gifting his wickets for anyone who bowls outside off. He must restrain himself to play the cover drive and do what Sachin did at the SCG. Rahane has this unusual *charm* of getting out at the most unexpected time. Much can't be expected from Pant and Jadeja if they are thrown into an abyss like this. They are our lower middle order for god sake. We can't be expecting everythig from them. Lower order's triumphs are rocky and fluctuating. If someone is to blame for what happened to today it will definitely be 3, 4, 5. It's been more than 2 years since atleast one of them scored consistently. We have almost the Bowling squad at full strength, The openers performing consistently, Pant and Jadeja giving enough confidence. It's all upon the Stalwarts or I like to call Veterans. Having played over 75 test matches more is expected of them than an occasional fifty in a series. 

### Was Bowling Bad?

No one expect Bumrah bowled tightly. All gave away more than 3 RPO. Ishant was terrible. Shami fluctuated from highs to low. Siraj's knack of bowling too many freebies is biting back. I would have still prefered Ashwin over Ishant and there are early indications that the pith will aid turn to some degree and who better than Ashwin to make the most out of it. Even though they won at Lord's and Almost won in Nottingham 4 + 1 is not the correct option for India. Ashwin irrespective of the pitch and conditions can create oppurtunities and take wickets. But all is not last. If they can scrap out till Joe Root then they have best chance of arresting the lead below 200. 

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/_TisATbpyxw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>