---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 2 of 1st Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Rohit Sharma throws it away
Rohit was looking so solid until his ball came along. He is the best contemporary puller and he falls for it. He has got out in similar way in 2 of the last 4 away tests. He is looking good and when we start to think that he might make a big one, he perishes for a ball he should't have. Would he got out to a ball around off like Pujara we wouldn't have been feeling this sad. Hope he makes a big one in this series.

### Rahul stands out
Rahul played a bit more freely than Rohit. He had more edges but you got to take the risk to score. He will be key for India to get into substantial lead. This is his chance to show his strength. Pant and the ball is in the air(The last line was suggested by Github Copilot so it knows Pant and ball is in the air is a must). He looked good with that stroke of Broad to the boundary.

### Indian Middle Order
This is yet another day where Indian batting failed to take control of the match and the middle order is to be blamed. The most experienced trio of Pujara, Kohli and Rahane have got out in ways we don't want to see. Pujara has that ever present nemesis of the ball around off-stump. He will definitely get a ball with his name on it around the off stump corridor. The last things I wanted to see this series was Kohli pushing hard at a 5th stump line delivery. He could have left it. The conditions suggested Anderson would be on fire. He let go of a great opportunity to start the series on a great note. Then comes Rahane. Admist all the chaos he gets himself runout. What's worse than that? The ball didn't even left the pitch but he was half-way down. It's ridiculous. This is a make or break series for India's 3 and 5. 

### Anderson again
Broad looked toothless. Curran offered more freebies than not. Robinson's ball never looked like it would have hit the stumps. It was Anderson again. The weather conspiring with him to break India's hope of a substantial lead in just a matter of two ballls. It's his never-ending over that will start either a collapse or fightback for the third day. 