---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 1 of 1st Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Jasprit Bumrah shines
Bumrah was missing on form in last few months coming back from the 
injury. He had showed us what he can do on his day. Started of 
brilliantly setting up Rory Burns with a series of leaving deliveries and with the one that comes back in. Buttler's wicket was pure effort. Denying him a run for a strech of 17 balls then prising out his wicket to a 5th stump line all is so great to watch. Then came the trademark **Toe-Crushing** yorkers to send back England's leading wicket takers.

Shami who was termed unlucky had a good time in the middle. Siraj had an off day but prized out the wicket of settled Crawley. Then comes **Lord Shardul**(As we love to call him) and turns the match upside down in a matter of 5 balls. 

### Joe Root and The English batting
It's as simple as the title suggests. Joe Root was fluent and scored fast until undone by a good ball from Thakur. Crawley and Bairstow looked good in parts and were dismissed to good deliveries. Everyone else lacked fight except Curran. He did give scares of 2018 but India smartly chipped away the wickets from the other end denying him the runs.

### Survival of the two R's
Rohit and Rahul were comfortable with Broad and Anderson. Robinson gave some scares to Rohit and hit the pad often. Rahul looked to dominate Curran and almost fell into the trap. India should make the most of the first hour of tomorrow. Rohit has a chance begging for him to score. Lead of 150+ would give India the best chance of winning this test.
