---
title: "I, Robot"
categories:
  - books
tags:
  - Isaac Asimov
  - Sci-fi
  - books
author_profile: true
---
# I, Robot 

## - Isaac Asimov

I've got to admit I was hugely surprised by the stories. Each one was outstanding. It definitely ranks in my top 5(at least until I read all of the Asimov works). 9 stories but each exploring some queer little aspect of the robots. As I want to be a robotics and AI engineer, I absolutely loved the dilemma's the book creates. Let me go through each story.

### Robbie

I personally thought this was the best way to start the series of stories. It starts off with a very human perspective of what robots are and can be. Robbie's relation with the girl is was explored in a concise but touching manner. This story being at the beginning of the Robot's rise gives us a chance to examine robots from humans' perspective. They are still doubtful about the Robot's calibre and emotional status. 

### Runaround

Runaround gives us the mechanical and Engineer's perspective of the Robot's behaviours. Every action derived from the three laws and their order of precedence and superiority was intriguing and fun to read. Unlike **Robbie**, we are not dealt with the emotional or psychological views of or about the Robot.

### Reason

Reason as the title suggests delves more into the reasoning of the robots. How they start to perceive things by just rationale alone. The story absolutely dissolves everything we believe as absolute just by logic. At one point, it feels like is this the crossing point for them? Will they break the laws? Alas, it's just the reason for the robots. It's convincing yet breaks all of our concrete assumptions of the universe we created around ourselves.

### Catch the Rabbit

Catch the Rabbit is yet another view of the dilemma robots face when thrown into the loopholes between each of the laws. Though it felt slightly similar to **Runaround**, it explores a different corner of the laws of robotics. Probably my least liked the story of all. 

### Liar!

Liar! Caught me by surprise. The earlier 3 stories give us the view from the Engineer's point of view but Liar! Shifts it to the Psychological or Emotional point of view. Yet another standpoint on the laws of robotics, we can feel the subtlety of this story more than the others. It plays with our human mindset. It gives us what we want and surprises us at the end. 

### Little Lost Robot

My favourite of the lot. Maybe second favourite. I can't decide. Here the situation's a little different. We have a modified law here. We are dealing with a slightly unknown situation than we have sold before. What makes this special is that we explore the case from both an emotional and engineering standpoint. How both are used to identify the lost Robot. 

### Escape!

Escape felt queer. Queerer than all of the others. Here we deal with not a robot but just a brain. The Brain is capable of almost anything. Yet, the characters are faced with a question that can break down the Brain because of the dilemma it creates between the Robot's standpoint on the laws. When everything feels so queer, we get the revelation that it's just a......(read the book)

### Evidence 

So if **Little Lost Robot** comes second in my favourites, this would go first. Another weird standpoint on robots. It's fantastic that there are almost none to zero robots in the story, or were they?? I just can't write anything on this cause it will definitely spoil the story. The last paragraph of the story is absolute gold.

### The Evitable Conflict

Probably the most boring of the lot but gives us lots of insights into the world the stories are situated in. Maybe this contradicts the **Evidence** in some way, but I intend to leave it there. It sets up and concludes the robots and their thinking and strategies in a neat little way.

We do get to spend some time with 3 of the recurring characters. **Susan Calvin**, the robot-psychologist, had the best roles(she is the narrator for almost all in a pseudo way). **Powell** and **Donovan** were given space in 4 stories and were good enough for us to look for them. But as the books are primarily about Robots and their psychology, we often can't care for these characters as in other books. Still, this was an enthralling ride for someone who knows what robots can be capable of and what makes them so unique. 
