---
title: "Ind vs Eng Day 5 of 2nd Test"
categories:
  - cricket
tags:
  - India
  - England
  - Test
author_profile: true
---

### Bumrah, The Magician
It was Bumrah who riled up Anderson with his bouncers. It was Bumrah who took on the heat and gave India a good lead. It was Bumrah who gave us the perfect start. It was Bumrah who got Root out. It was Bumrah who conjured up a slower off cutter to get us closer to the victory. I have never seen him so fired up. He took on the short balls. Got hit on the head. Batted beautifully, The straight drives, the cover drives were magnificient. He was watchful enough to play every ball on it's merit. He bowled an extremely good delivery to get rid of Root. He then came back when all hope seemed lost, Roughed up Robinson with bouncers then came the trick, The Prestige. If the spearing inswingers were **The Pledge**, bouncers **The Turn**, the slower ball cutter is **The Prestige** we all were waiting for.

### The Pack
All along the Test I was against the 4-men pace attack. I wanted Ashwin, But none of them seems droppable now. Rohit played off Anderson and Robinson then score off Curran, Ali and Wood in the first innings. But that isn't the case with this bowling attack. They are all to be taken seriously. You can't see off one of them and think to score of the other. They all have their own varieties. Add Kohli who always wants to attack nonetheless you have some serious problems. They are keeping out the best Spinner and second ranked bowler of this time. They are agressive, feeding of one another and scripting miracles together. I won't be surprised if this won't be same for the Leeds test. Kohli want's to dominate. Give them Green top or a Rank turner, They have enough men in the squad to dismantle any team.

### The day as progressed
From England's win to a Draw to probable Indian victory to Draw and then Indian Victory. It all happened in one day. Horrible tactice from England in the first session took India's loss out of the equation. Then It was all about Indian pace and England's brittle lineup, and they didn't have a chance. England gave away far too many runs in hoping to contain runs. They weren't agressive enough or discipline enough to scrap out India's 9 and 10. They took India to the best position they had hoped for. Then It was all about hunting down the England's lineup.

Burns got out to a rather bad delivery. He scooped it from outside legstump line to mid-off. Sibley got a peach of a delivery. Haseeb showed some promise until Ishant's massive inswinger showed up. It took another straightening delivery to get rid of Bairstow. Bumrah then bowled beautiful line to get Root and should have also got Buttler if not for Kohli's drop. Then we saw some resistance from Ali and Buttler. Ali was gone but Jadeja bowled a no ball. It seemed drifting away. Then comes the youngest of the attack and made Ali play every delivery. He eventually got him out and sent Curran for a King pair. Then it was all slipping when Bumrah produced my ball of the match to trap Robinson. Siraj took care of the rest. 

### What now? 
We saw two fabulous matches in two day. One in Jamaica and one at Lord's. What test cricket needs is pitches which are supportive enough for both bat and ball, Players who are aggresive enough to force result and get the opposition worried. It needs more advocates like Kohli. It will thrive none the less. For Indian Cricket this means a lot. Coming off a loss in the WTC final, rain snatching victory from the hands and Trent Bridge, they needed a good show. They produced a miracle on the 5th day to wrap up one of the great test wins.

### Here are the Highlights
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y1J9_9-vNcU" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>